Feature gate SchedulerQueueingHints is disabled by default (#44316)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/scheduling-framework.md

so that the scheduler will retry the scheduling of the Pod.

{{< note >}}
QueueingHint evaluation during scheduling is a beta-level feature. 

> It's enabled by default in 1.28.0 - 1.28.5, 
> but is disabled by default in 1.29 because of excessive memory footprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v1.28 release series initially enabled the associated feature gate; however, after the
discovery of an excessive memory footprint, the Kubernetes project set that feature gate
to be disabled by default. In Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}}, this feature gate is
disabled and you need to enable it manually.
```
Let's try this. Once the v1.28.6 release is out, we'll want to edit this message and backport something.

> but is disabled by default in 1.29 because we found it consuming memory a lot. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
but is disabled by default in 1.29 because we found it consumes a lot of memory. 
```

Reviewer 3: but is disabled by default in 1.29 because of excessive memory footprint.
